feat: add support for mdx files (#949)
bmish/eslint-doc-generator: README.md

}
```

### File Types

> ESLint Doc Generator supports both regular Markdown (`md`) and Extended Markdown (`mdx`) file types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool supports both regular Markdown (`md`) and Extended Markdown (`mdx`) file types.
```
